# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  Interpreting user needs comes from communication with the client. My first job out of college the first time, I was a financial advisor with Edward Jones. In my time with Edward Jones, I learned how to get people talking and understanding what they wanted to be able to do with their money and come up with a plan of how to acheive their goals. I think that those skills and the skills needed to understand user needs and how to turn those needs into a program that can meet the clients goals is the exact same thing. It's not only getting the client to talk, but listening and understanding what is expected and setting a proper expectation to the client. User stories help especially when the client is directly involved with the planning process and updates because they get to see their needs being met up close and personal throughout the development and testing process. I think this is extremely important when working with smaller groups and smaller clients.
# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  There is more than one way to develop a program. Multiple methods and multiple directions to completing something based on the complexity of the project. After going through this course, I could definitely see myself using the agile method to develop programs in the future. I could see myself based on my experience being in the role of the scrum master where I am acting as a teammate, but a coach at the same time. The most important processes from agile that I will use in future work are communication and adaptation. I've always understood that clear communication is so important in setting an expectation for a client or for a team that you manage. Clear communication is a skill that can always be improved, and I hope to continue to further develop that skill for myself. Adaptation is a skill in being able to make changes throughout a project. Sometimes as programmers we get locked in to what we are doing and don't stop to take a look at anything else. This can get us in trouble when changes come through from the client or someone else in the team is running into an issue and holding the project up. If I have an opportunity to work for a company that implements the agile process then I will get to use this process all the time, but if not, I will still further develop this skill because being adaptable to the workload makes you an all around better programmer.
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  I think being a good team member in software development is the same as being a good team member in any team. Be excellent at what you do, work together on projects when people need help, be willing to teach others when they want to learn more, have a good attitude, be friendly not to make friends but to be respectful, be competitive so you push others to be better, and stay focused on the overall goal of the team. I've played sports my whole life. The best / most successful teams that I have been on have been made up of individuals who will push themselves to push everyone else. People who would take the shirt off their back and give it to someone else in need. Working as a team means overcoming the ups and downs; someone at some point is going to mess something up and when that happens it is the teams responsibility to pick that person up. It isn't about individual rewards; it is about the overall outcome of the team. 
